like any other car enthusiast i've been
doing performance and aesthetic
modifications that transform my car from
being just another q50 to being a unique
expression of my personality and an
extension of my being
more recently i've been exploring
premium aftermarket lighting and i'm
pleased with my new edition
premium underglow by glow industries
[Music]
yes i said premium this isn't your
average underglow kit that you get on
amazon and plug into your cigarette
lighter on a friday night this underglow
kit is custom cut fully integrated with
my vehicle and features the brightest
leds available on the market right now
in this video i'm going to walk you
through the entire implementation check
the links in the description i'll have
links to the kit from glow leds along
with coupon codes plus links to anything
else i use in this project
if you find this helpful please like and
subscribe there's going to be plenty
more on this channel just like this sit
tight
[Music]
now i get it underglow's polarizing it's
definitely making a comeback but some
consider it ricey it is what it is
this kit is capable of doing the whole
rgb color chasing effects which i'll
definitely use at meats or on heists or
any other reason that i've got to do
that but realistically
nine days out of ten this is my daily
driver and i really wanted sort of a
classy implementation that i can use day
to day and not have to worry about
switching it on and off
so i'm going to walk you through exactly
how i did that how i got it integrated
with my welcome sequence that as puddle
lighting and the whole nine yards so
just stay tuned but i'm gonna get
started right at the beginning with
measurement
now part of what makes an underclock kit
premium is the fit try to think of it
like a suit it's really easy to see when
someone's wearing a suit that doesn't
fit them right it's either boxy or it's
too tight and it just looks clumsy right
but a tailor suit is built to
measurements that kind of make it hug
the person's body
in the right places and really make it
complement their overall presence and
with underglow it's the same concept you
want your led strips to really hug your
body lines from end to end and ensure
you've got good consistent light
throughout with no dead zones
i started right at the front the center
of the front bumper because i knew i was
going to want to have two strips going
in either direction so any of those
addressable animations or the color
chasing animations i wanted them to come
from the front of or the center of the
front of the bumper and then go down
either side of my vehicle
so i measured the front bumper i
measured the length of the side skirts i
measured the length of the rear quarter
panel and then i measured the length of
the rear bumper and i documented all
those
so if you're looking for specific
measurements for an infiniti q50 you're
going to want two 34 inch strips for the
front bumper coming from the center
two 82 inch strips for each of these
side panels
two 22 inch strips for each of the rear
quarter panels and then two 16 inch
strips for the rear bumper you know
between your exhaust pipes
i gotta give a shout out to seth over at
glow leds because he walked me through
this entire process and and customer
service is off the charts in comparison
and that's another benefit of working
with a premium underglow provider uh
also these aren't mass-produced parts
once this order went over to seth you
know he was actually going through he
was cutting off the lengths of led
strips he showed me kind of the entire
process and and sent me pictures of my
kit so i knew you know i was going to be
getting quality well before it showed up
at my front door
okay so first thing out of the box i saw
two runs of
two really long runs of cable and now
this is going to be the cable that's
going to carry the signal from the
controller to
each of the led strips
you're gonna see this whole red white
and green pattern uh throughout the
video
now opening up the box
so right off the bat in the box we've
got some nice branded stickers we can
use these on the build or realistically
these are going on my toolbox
here's the controller and i'll go over
that in meticulous detail of course and
let you know what gets plugged in where
and where all the signals go i'll cover
that a little later it's another view of
those low temp wire connectors
and here is where the magic happens so
these are the led strips that we are
going to stick to the bottom of our
bumper
each one came pre-wired and pre-soldered
with connectors and you can see which is
male and which is female
all the led strips are back with 3m
backing to stick to your body here we've
got two power distribution bricks which
i will speak through
and we've got dozens of these extra
connectors and that's what we're going
to use to connect our rg
our red white and green wires to our
power strips to run power along the
length of the vehicle these also
waterproof connectors so you don't need
to worry about water getting in and
shorting out anything
now these led strips are 12 volt led
strips so what you'll see on a lot of
the cheaper brands is that they use 5
volt led strips now the benefit of 12
volt strips is that
they're
a lot brighter they run more efficiently
which means that they're using less
electricity and generating less heat and
then the byproduct of that is they last
longer so they're not going to burn out
on you prematurely
seth is actually an engineer so he's got
all the luminosity sheets he's actually
working with the manufacturers to kind
of move the needle and have the
brightest leds on the market and these
are officially the brightest leds on the
market
i also picked up a light meter and i'm
carrying around me everywhere i go so if
i see anyone that i know is flexing
online with filters to make their
underglow brighter i'm gonna be checking
you
all right let's talk about uh wiring so
the power for all this is gonna come
from the battery area and what i did was
ran all my channels down to the center
of the front bumper because that's where
i want all my animations to originate
from
from that first strip i connected the
two front bumper strips that went down
either side of the vehicle
i've got strips going down the um side
skirts and then i've got strips on
either quarter panel on the rear and
then i've got two little strips that
connect on the rear bumper
now all those strips are connected by
that red white and green wire that we've
got and i'm going to show you how to
solder all that together uh later on in
this video but essentially what we've
got is two channels one channel going
down either side of the vehicle and then
in the app you can program exactly what
those channels do and actually have them
work together um to have cohesive
animations all the way throughout
you don't necessarily need to do it this
way but i wired it this way just in case
one day i decide to enable those you
know turn signal animations or anything
like that i'll have the ability and i
won't have to rewire anything that's
attached to my car
now
you may consider this a little ghetto
but for measurement i use masking tape i
just lay down the masking tape where i
want the wire to lay down and then i'll
peel off the masking tape and measure
you know end to end where the wire and
that's what i'll use to
cut and run the actual wire
once i come under here
[Music]
realistically i'm going to have
uh the strip ending up
right about here
so i'm gonna want to run wire underneath
here through the bumper so i'm gonna
start running my tape and you can see
exactly
how i'm get down
um
[Music]
i'm gonna need to cut and i'm probably
gonna give myself a little bit of extra
um
you know just since this isn't
scientific
and worst case scenario i can tuck the
extra wire somewhere but
okay by now we've got led strips that
we're going to fit on our bumpers and
our bumper panels
and now we've already cut lengths of red
white and green strips that are going to
connect those
led strips on their individual channels
so all we need to do now is just add the
included waterproof connectors to our
cables and then we'll be able to
complete our channels and start
installing this on the vehicle itself
[Music]
okay so here we've got the red white and
green cable and excuse the mess over
here
um
here we got the red white and green
cables and just to review i'll probably
say this a couple times in the video but
red is going to be your 12 volts of
power
is going to be your ground and green is
going to be your data cable
now since this is going to be a length
of cable that we're running to deliver
power and data to some strips
we're going to use these connectors
here's an example of
one of these uh low led strips
and you'll see that on the end of them
they've got connectors and there's
actually arrows
on the strip itself that
tell you here's an example one
that tell you the direction of the flow
so we know that this is the input end
of the strip and then there's another
connector on the output end that looks
like this basically so what that tells
me
is that from my red white and green
from my strip that's coming from the
controller
i'm going to want to connect one of
these
and there's actually red white and green
wires in here that we can connect
[Music]
so after we got the protective cover off
of the connector we can see that the
colors aren't red white and green it's
not the end of the world the wires still
serve the same purpose so
on our cables we're going to connect red
to red
white to black and then green to yellow
and that's going to be still power to
power
ground to ground and then data to data
all right so i noted out about these
things and apologies if you already knew
about these but this is fresh to me so
these are low temperature wire
connectors they've got solder in them
and when you heat them up with the heat
gun it melts the solder and connects the
wires so if you don't go with the glow
kit i'm still going to link these in the
description just in case they're
interesting you can pick them up
now i'm not gonna make you watch me
splice connectors to the ends of all
these uh strips of wires just know that
you need to add your
male and female connectors to the ends
of each of your red white and green
strips just to be able to connect all of
your strips together on those channels
as we showed
now these wire connectors also have
these red dots on here that makes the
connection between the two wires
waterproof also
and you'll see here
the connection between the wire strips
and the wire that you just soldered is
also waterproofed and secured with
a screw so really good shape and really
high quality connections on all these
okay i promised i was going to tell you
about these power distribution bricks i
think now's the right time
so these are another perk that you only
see in premium underglow kits like glows
what these help you do is keep your
wiring organized and instead of running
all the power to your controller and
generating extra heat that you don't
need in your situation you can have all
your powers and all your grounds are
running to and from this distribution
brick
all right let's talk about the
controller so this is a bluetooth
controller but it does also come with an
rf remote so you can use it without
opening the app on your phone
uh let's talk about the wiring so on the
left-hand side it's going to be your
inputs and on the right-hand side is
going to be your outputs on the
left-hand side you've got mandatory
power at the top and mandatory ground at
the bottom that's going to run power to
the controller
you're going to run that from your power
distribution brick so the reds will go
to power the blacks will go to ground
also on the left are inputs for the four
triggers that this controller supports
so
these triggers can run from anything
like your turn signals or your brake
signal your headlight signal or even
something like your door jar switch and
within the app you can actually
configure different actions to happen
when certain triggers happen so if your
left turn signal turns on and you've got
it hooked up to trigger one say then you
can say okay make my channel one turn
orange when i'm turning left so really
cool flexibility that these inputs offer
now on the right side or the output side
since we've got these power distribution
blocks we don't need to worry about
power and ground running to each of
these strips
so instead all we need to focus on is
those data one through four so for any
channel that you set up you're just
going to want to run the green
signal cable
from the data ports on this controller
all right so now we've got all of our
measured strips that are going to go on
the body of the vehicle we've got all of
the wiring cut and we've got connectors
on all of them so we should have full
channels now that you know would stretch
to the front to the back of the vehicle
all we need to do is connect those
channels up to the controller using the
wiring that we just covered
that's what i'm doing here i won't make
you watch the entire thing but basically
all i'm doing is connecting the end of
the channels to the power distribution
bricks and then
running the
data to the controller itself
once that's all done we are ready to do
some bench testing
so for my bench testing i'm using my
good old brick from amazon i'll link it
in the description i'm plugging it in
and because we've got these power
distribution bricks all i'm going to do
is connect the
red cable to the
power distribution brick and the black
cable to the
ground distribution brick and then we
should have power to
do our bench test
[Music]
so here we see segment one
of channel one working just great and
what i'm gonna do is hook up segment one
of channel two
and once i see that working then i know
i'm good to go and start moving this
over to the vehicle so the hard part's
done
okay for placement i just need to be
sure that my controller and distribution
bricks were in a waterproof area that
was in close proximity to my battery and
to my blue ghost because i'm using the
blue ghost to be in charge of my welcome
and departure sequences
so i ended up placing everything right
here on either side of the battery
compartment and i just used a i think i
used gorilla double-sided tape to make
sure that it stays stuck there even if
there's a lot of heat generated by my
engine
and then from here i just ran all the
red white and green cable from my
channels from the controller
all the way down to the front bumper
right in the center where i want my
strips and my animations to start
to make routing the wires a lot easier i
just remove the passenger side air box
that's on the side of the
the battery
it's just two of those 10 millimeter
screws and you just pull up on the air
box and it comes right out and it makes
it a lot easier to run the wires
[Music]
you'll see through the entire
thread that i used a lot of zip ties
here i wanted to make sure that nothing
was touching anything hot nothing was
going to get caught in any belts or
anything so i feel real good that
everything is well secured in here
now you know
now you may notice i probably mentioned
the battery a couple times but i haven't
really said how we're connecting to the
battery and how we're delivering power
to our underglows and that's because it
really depends on your application so i
actually posted a poll up in an
underglow group that i recently joined
just to ask people how they were
connecting and there's really a
a lot of different ways that this can be
done
the most common one was wiring a switch
from the battery and then manually
switching the underglows on or off
there's also options for keeping it
always on but you risk draining your
battery and then you can tap you know
add a fuse
to an accessory or an ignition circuit
so that your underglows are on whenever
your car is in accessory mode or
wherever your car is on so it really
depends on what you want to do
personally i've been obsessed with
incorporating my underglow into my
welcome sequence so i use the blue ghost
to power my underglow
now you'll be familiar with the blue
ghost if you've seen my headlight
diy videos i'll link them in cards
somewhere around here
or i'll link them in the description but
basically the blue ghost allows me
through the app or in response to
triggers from the vehicle to do certain
animations or certain
sequences on my headlights and ideally
on my
underglow also
so now
if i set this in the blue ghost to be
triggered
based on any trigger
so now
when i open the door let's set this up
here
feel me
you see what i'm trying to do here
now in order to get this to work i did
need to wire in a relay just to make
sure that my underglows were getting
enough amperage to have nice bright
light i chopped up a little video on how
i wired the relay but i'm only going to
post it if somebody lets me know in the
comments that they're really interested
in this so let me know
okay so now that we've got our power run
we've got all of our controllers and
wiring situated it's
it's really the easy part so now all we
need to do is
pick up
you know our strips and start sticking
them to the underside of the body now
the real key here is just making sure
that whatever surface that you're
sticking them to you're cleaning very
thoroughly thoroughly i used acetone on
all the surfaces just to make sure that
they were completely clean of any debris
of any grease or oil or anything like
that to make sure you can get a good
firm seal
with that 3m adhesive
i was also very particular on mine i
wanted to make sure that no individual
pixels no leds were going to be visible
when you're looking at my vehicle even
if you're you know down on your knees
for some reason or another uh looking at
the underside of my car i don't want
anybody to be able to see any led so i
was really particular with placement on
these
then those two things and then one last
thing which is the obvious jack points i
wouldn't ever want to pinch
um my led strips whenever i'm jacking
the car up which i tend to do now at
least once a week for some reason oh
yeah because i got this damn
channel so at the front of the car i
didn't mount to the front bumper i
mounted to the front under tray and then
ran it around the side of the vehicle
in each of the wheel wells i actually
didn't end up running it uh under the
body like i measured it was still ended
up being the right measurement of tape
but what i did was
run the wire behind the
fender liners uh in each wheel well and
that
had me feeling like it was secure not
gonna get caught on anything
for under the side skirts i just ran it
along the side
um
underneath you'll see there's like a
it's almost like a cardboard thing you
can pierce through it pretty easily but
that's where i stuck the uh strips to
uh
in this position i could see that
they're pointing outwards a little bit
which will give me a nice nicer you know
wider spread of light and then it still
won't be visible if you look you know
under the car
and then for the rear it was a little
challenging because there wasn't really
anywhere good to mount
these led strips i could have mounted
them right to the bottom of the rear
quarter panel but then you'd be able to
see those leds you know pretty easily
so what i did was get a couple trusty
wire hangers i untwisted them and i
mounted them
above
eye level
within the quarter panel
and they're in there pretty sturdy i
wrapped them around the actual frame so
i can tell you they're not going
anywhere and then i just mounted the
strips to those wire hangers i use the
3m adhesive as well as some zip ties
just to be 100 sure that they weren't
going to go anywhere
and just have a line that runs
points
the leds
face down
um
but it's still
you know above the level of the bumper
so you won't be able to see any
individual leds
that's pretty much it yo that's the
whole install i have to admit i'm a
grown-ass man but i had tons of fun just
playing with this in the garage and
configuring the different
modes that are available with this
controller
one last thing so after i got this all
buttoned up the first night i went out
for a heist and when i was going back
into the garage i recorded a quick video
and i could see that the leds were still
showing underneath the front bumper so i
came up with a quick fix that is working
pretty well you know not too rocket
science not
terribly extravagant in fact i'd say
it's a little bit ghetto but it got the
job done i'll put the link down in the
description basically what this is is
just a rubber seal that goes on the
bottom of doors but it's got really
heavy duty adhesive tape on it and what
i did was just stuck it to the bumper
there's a little lip on there that it
fits on actually really perfectly
so i just stuck it under the bumper and
it does an awesome job of just blocking
visibility of the leds i made sure to
position it so it's not really affecting
the output of the leds or the light that
it casts out in front of the bumper so
this actually worked out as a perfect
solution
it actually works so well that i did the
exact same thing on my tv so i've got
leds behind my tv at home and when you
stand in a certain position you can see
the led lights behind them so i just got
more of these seals off of
amazon and just put them
behind my tv and it really does a good
job of blocking the uh
visibility to those leds
that's pretty much it man so uh i hope
this was helpful to you i can't say
enough good things about this glow led
kit i love the way that it came out i
love how bright the leds are i like how
it sets off the entire vehicle but it
doesn't look too aftermarket too tacky
too ricery
so really thrilled with it if you found
this video helpful please consider
liking and subscribing
thanks for checking me out see you on
the next one
[Music]
you